docs(pie-docs): update engineer and foundation pages copy (#343)
justeattakeaway/pie: apps/pie-docs/src/foundations/spacing/tokens/global.md

---
## Why do we use 8px and 4px increments?

We use an 8px and 4px grid because they’re easily divisible by 4 and 2. This makes it easy to resize any element or component without the need to use half-pixels.

---

## The importance of sticking to the space scale

> Sticking to the space scale is key to every great design. Spatial systems, grids and layouts help us keep a consistent rhythm in our designs, promotes easier decision making and helps our products’ visual look to stay aligned.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sticking to the space scale is key to every great design. Spatial systems, grids and layouts help us keep a consistent rhythm in our designs, promotes easier decision making and helps our products look visually aligned.
```

Reviewer 2: 👍
